Add SCIANTIX fuel performance code (#20)
paulromano/awesome-nuclear: README.md

- [nekRS](https://github.com/Nek5000/nekRS) — Spectral-element CFD code targeting modern processors and accelerators
- [OpenFOAM](https://www.openfoam.com/) — Finite volume CFD code

## Fuel Performance

> - [SCIANTIX](https://gitlab.com/poliminrg/sciantix) — A fission gas release code for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SCIANTIX](https://github.com/sciantix/sciantix-official) — A fission gas release code for
```

> - [SCIANTIX](https://gitlab.com/poliminrg/sciantix) — A fission gas release code for
>   oxide fuels (\*Gitlab account required to access)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SCIANTIX](https://github.com/sciantix/sciantix-official) — A fission gas release code for nuclear fuels
```
